docs: Update releasing.md (#1046)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/contributor/releasing.md

6. Merge the PR.

> 7. Make sure that the release tags will point to the HEAD commit of the `telemetry-manager/{RELEASE_BRANCH}` branch. This can be done, by rebasing the upstream branch into the local branch after the merge was successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. To make sure that the release tags point to the HEAD commit of the `telemetry-manager/{RELEASE_BRANCH}` branch, rebase the upstream branch into the local branch after the merge was successful.
```

Do we really need "after the merge was successful"? Merging is the previous step; would anyone really do step 7 before they see the merge has happened successfully?

Author: I did it yesterday 🥲

   ```bash
   git rebase upstream/{RELEASE_BRANCH} {RELEASE_BRANCH}
   ```

> 8. In the `telemetry-manager/{RELEASE_BRANCH}` branch, create release tags for the head commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. In the `telemetry-manager/{RELEASE_BRANCH}` branch, create release tags for the HEAD commit.
```

This was in all caps before, so let's stay consistent.
